## Reference

https://youtube.com/shorts/_RHiFAxISuM?si=S3BOVS1T4d4L5_FW

I just invented something that makes every website and app feel a tiny bit more magical and anyone can steal it. So, has this ever happened to you? There's clearly a text box on your screen. You start to type. It's obvious that you want to type something here, but the text box wasn't focused. You had to take your mouse and you click and then you finally start typing. It's annoying, but it's the only way. I mean, how would you be able to use keyboard shortcuts on YouTube? You can press spacebar to play and pause and J and L to navigate. So, you cannot have both. Or can you? This is my product flask and I had a similar problem. It's a video feedback tool where you can record feedback but also type. And I do have a lot of keyboard shortcuts for everything. But watch, I can still use my keyboard shortcuts J and L here to change the speed of the video. But if I start typing without even focusing anything, it types right into the text box. See, when I press L to increase playback speed, I build a system that
waits 150 millconds to do that action. It's a delay so small that most people never notice. But if during this time I type another one or two characters that is not the first one that is a strong signal that I'm not trying to use keyboard shortcuts but I'm trying to type. So in that case I don't run the keyboard shortcuts but instead I focus a text box and I add in the characters and the users had type before. Now this seems like a very small thing but if you try it and flask link is in the description it feels magical but if you're an engineer at Google, YouTube, Amazon or anywhere please steal this. So instead of this, it would look like this
